Privacy Policy  
==============

Last updated: May 16, 2025

This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection,
use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You
about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.

We use Your Personal data to provide and improve the Service. By using the
Service, You agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with
this Privacy Policy.

Interpretation and Definitions  
------------------------------

Interpretation  
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined
under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same
meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.

Definitions  
~~~~~~~~~~~

For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

  * Account means a unique account created for You to access our Service or
    parts of our Service.

  * Application refers to Beauté Au Carré , the software program provided by
    hayfouuu.

  * Personal Data is any information that relates to an identified or
    identifiable individual.

  * Service refers to the Application.

  * Service Provider means any natural or legal person who processes the data.

  * Usage Data refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the
    use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example,
    the duration of a page visit).
  


Collecting and Using Your Personal Data  
---------------------------------------

Types of Data Collected  
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Personal Data  
*************

While using Our Service, We may ask You to provide Us with certain personally
identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify You.
Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:

Clients: Name, phone number, email address, profile photo, and location data (with consent).

Salon/Boutique Owners: Business name, address, contact details, service offerings, pricing, service photos, and location data.

Employees: Name, contact information,photo, availability schedules, and assigned services.


Usage Data  
**********

We do not collect any usage data automatically when You access or use the Service.
All information used by the Service is provided directly by You with Your explicit consent.
We do not track activities, session duration, or interactions within the Application unless You manually provide such data.

Information Collected while Using the Application  
*************************************************

While using Our Application, in order to provide features of Our Application,
We may collect, with Your prior permission:

  * Information regarding your location

We use this information to provide features of Our Service, to improve and
customize Our Service. The information may be uploaded to our
servers if you agree.

You can enable or disable access to this information at any time, through Your
Device settings.

Use of Your Personal Data  
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

We may use Personal Data for the following purposes:

  * To manage Your Account: to manage Your registration as a user of the
    Service. The Personal Data You provide can give You access to different
    functionalities of the Service that are available to You as a registered
    user.

  * To contact You: To contact You by email, telephone calls, SMS, or other
    equivalent forms of electronic communication, such as a mobile
    application's push notifications regarding updates or informative
    communications related to the functionalities, products or contracted
    services, including the security updates, when necessary or reasonable for
    their implementation.

  * To manage Your requests: To attend and manage Your requests to Us.



Retention of Your Personal Data  
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

We will retain Your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary
for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use Your
Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations
(for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable
laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.



Transfer of Your Personal Data  
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

We do not transfer your personal data internationally or to third parties unless legally required or with your explicit consent.

Delete Your Personal Data  
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

You have the right to delete or request that We assist in deleting the
Personal Data that We have collected about You.

Our Service may provide features to delete or manage your personal information from within the application.

You can:

Sign in to your account, access the account settings and delete your account or your personal information.

Request the deletion of your account or personal information through a public form if you have uninstalled the app.

Please note, however, that We may need to retain certain information when we
have a legal obligation or lawful basis to do so.

Other legal requirements  
************************

We may disclose Your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such
action is necessary to:

  * Comply with a legal obligation
  * Protect and defend the rights or property of the application's developer.
  * Prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
  * Protect the personal safety of Users of the Service or the public
  * Protect against legal liability

Security of Your Personal Data  
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The security of Your Personal Data is important to Us, but remember that no
method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is
100% secure. While We strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect
Your Personal Data, We cannot guarantee its absolute security.

Children's Privacy  
------------------

Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 16. We do not knowingly
collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 16.
If You are a parent or guardian and You are aware that Your child has provided
Us with Personal Data, please contact Us. If We become aware that We have
collected Personal Data from anyone under the age of 16 without verification
of parental consent, We take steps to remove that information from Our
servers.

If We need to rely on consent as a legal basis for processing Your information
and Your country requires consent from a parent, We may require Your parent's
consent before We collect and use that information.


Changes to this Privacy Policy  
------------------------------

We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any
changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

We will let You know via email and/or a prominent notice on Our Service, prior
to the change becoming effective and update the "Last updated" date at the top
of this Privacy Policy.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes.
Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this
page.

Contact Us  
----------

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:

  * By email: beauteeaucarree@gmail.com

  * By phone number: +21642516156


